-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This file provides a comprehensive changelog / version history for the SRP.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


v1.1.3

+ Script optimizations. - Decane, NatVac
+ Fixed the game sometimes becoming corrupted during the Flea Market basement mugging scene in the Garbage (new game recommended). - Decane
+ Fixed a rare crash upon reloading a savegame: sim_combat.script:419: attempt to index field 'actor' (a nil value). - Decane
+ Fixed a rare crash upon a smart terrain being captured: sim_squad_generic.script:456: attempt to index field 'current_action' (a nil value). - Decane
+ Fixed a rare crash: xr_kamp.script:433: bad argument #1 to 'random' (interval is empty). - Decane
+ Fixed the sr_robbery scheme crashing the game if a robber squad suddenly leaves for another camp in the middle of a hold-up: sr_robbery.script:149: attempt to index field '?' (a nil value). - Decane
+ Fixed a rare crash caused by the sr_robbery scheme treating squads that have recently left the robbery camp as members of it when assigning the robbery leader role: actor_reaction.script:168: attempt to index local 'manager' (a nil value). - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where speaking to a mechanic with incomplete 'find upgrade' tasks would leak task entity IDs. - Decane
+ Implemented a tail-recursive algorithm to automatically detect and resolve faction war stalemates arising out of a squad being grid-locked into a camp by all surrounding camps being occupied by non-hostiles, thereby preventing the grid-locked squad from leaving the camp. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where loading a savegame would make the game copy offered but unassigned combat tasks to a Lua table intended only for assigned combat tasks, causing various bugs ranging from stuck faction wars to the robbery scheme ceasing to activate. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where squads would sometimes fail to capture a camp upon reaching it. - Decane
+ Worked around an SRP v1.0.4 regression where the AI of NPCs approaching the Fishing Hamlet from the Hidden Camp would occasionally break. - Decane
+ Enabled offline squads to engage enemy 'idle' stage squads in addition to enemy 'combat' stage squads to prevent perpetual inaction when one squad is 'idle'. - Decane
+ Fixed combatting offline squads sometimes dealing zero damage to each other perpetually due to an incorrect use of math.random(). - Decane
+ Fixed a race condition causing factions to sometimes momentarily lose faction war targets only to immediately regain them again. - Decane
+ Prevented the faction war sometimes jamming due to the same squad being assigned to an unreachable target over and over again ad infinitum. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player's assistance could fail to be registered in a random faction war task, causing the task to be cancelled when it should be completed. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a 'defend' task could occasionally be received in unwarranted circumstances, most frequently resulting in the task being immediately cancelled. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where 'capture' tasks would sometimes be offered by NPCs even for smart terrains unreachable to them. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where 'find upgrade' tasks would not cancel when the mechanic who gave them dies or becomes hostile after loading a savegame. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the skirmish between the loners and military at the Cordon bus stop could begin prematurely, preventing the player from receiving the task to defend the loner patrol. - Decane
+ Fixed the "Help the stalkers" task in Agroprom being cancelled immediately after being received if the loner faction is hostile to the player. - Decane
+ Fixed an SRP v1.0.7 regression that prevented new faction equipment chest supplies from spawning on a smart terrain upon its occupying squad switching online if the squad captured it while offline. - Decane
+ Fixed an SRP v1.1.1 regression that under some circumstances prevented the pseudodogs that spawn beside the military base from immediately attacking it. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where non-scripted squads loaded from a savegame (as opposed to spawning into the Zone in the current game session) would not spawn inventory box items. - Decane
+ Fixed the wrong location-based multiplier being used to spawn faction equipment chest supplies for scripted squads loaded from a savegame (as opposed to spawning into the Zone in the current game session). - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where squads could prioritize secondary faction war targets over primary targets, potentially leading to absurd behavior such as Freedom preferring to send squads towards a loner-captured Barrier rather than sending them to capture the Duty base. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where squads would readily abandon forward targets during the faction war upon loss of an earlier target even if squads at less important smart terrains are available to resecure the earlier target. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where submitting the item requested in a 'return item' task would not complete the task if the player possesses multiple units of the item when submitting it. (Previous fixes will already have prevented this situation in the SRP. This fix is listed for completeness only.) - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where returning to the Swamps for the first time would not unlock the level changers to the Cordon if Clear Sky has regressed from total victory against the renegades, leaving the player locked into the Swamps without explanation until Clear Sky advances back to its final faction war tier. - Decane
+ Fixed Clear Sky's "Find the generator" task being received and immediately completed if the player initially bypasses its assigning space restrictor in the institute building but returns to it after deactivating the generator. (The fix below renders this obsolete. This fix is listed for completeness only.) - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could bypass the space restrictor that completes Clear Sky's "Find the generator" task by entering the institute building through its eastern entrance (new game required for effect). - Decane
+ Fixed a typo in gulag_general.script that prevented mutants from behaving aggressively on patrol paths linking them to attack-targets. This caused them to move sluggishly to camps that the player had been tasked to defend, unless aggravated by an external force (e.g. the player). - Decane
+ Fixed four invalid waypoint name indices in all.spawn to make two waypoints at the 'Boat park' and two at the 'Village ruins' available to NPCs. - Decane
+ Fixed the bridge to Limansk in the Red Forest not aligning properly when lowered, which in rare cases would cause NPCs to never reach the other side. - PYP
+ Fixed a few remaining NPC disposition bugs. - Decane
+ Fixed the audio of an NPC's instrument-playing animation continuing to play even when the animation is interrupted by the NPC getting up intermittently. - Decane
+ Fixed the parting audio of an NPC playing prematurely upon entering the trade or upgrade screen with them. - Decane
+ Fixed the greeting audio of some NPCs (most notably Professor Beanpolev) occasionally playing over their first spoken dialogue when the player opens a dialogue window with them. - Decane
+ Worked around the death of a squad poltergeist failing to be processed correctly if the death callback from its object binder triggers before that of its server entity equivalent, se_monster:on_death(). As a side-effect, poltergeists now leave behind a corpse when killed. - Decane
+ Fixed Sakharov and Lingov not being marked as important characters on the map. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a squad commander icon could overlap with a trader icon on the map. - Decane
+ Fixed an SRP v1.0.4 regression that caused the digger captives at the Garbage concentration camp to appear to hold an invisible artifact detector during their artifact search animations. - Decane
+ Fixed some groups of zombified stalkers using cover as if they were ordinary stalkers. - Decane
+ Made the task to rescue Hound become available only upon the player having completed the task to rescue Drifter, as likely intended, rather than merely upon having initiated it. - Decane
+ Made Yar's 'Bring the component to the technician' task fail on daybreak to be consistent with the task briefing, which implies it needs to be completed by sunrise. - SurDno
+ Made a couple of drop-boxes in the Abandoned Hospital destructible that mistakenly were not so in the unmodded game. - Decane
+ Fixed the all.spawn typos preventing a few drop-boxes in Limansk from spawning loot when broken (new game required for effect). - Decane
+ Fixed a few instances of a mechanic not being able to upgrade a pre-upgraded variant of a weapon even if they could upgrade the base weapon. - Decane
+ Fixed the incorrect parsing of hyphenated item names appearing as dependees for ammo in section 'item_dependence' in death_generic.ltx. - Decane
+ Fixed a typo in Sakharov's trade config that prevented the right multiplier being applied to the sell-price of shotgun ammo. - warcatt00
+ Fixed the smoothing of the bridge to Limansk mesh, which could cause shadow glitches at some angles and lighting conditions. - PYP
+ Improved error diagnostics on _g.abort() invocation if the optional 'Improved LuaJIT Library' is installed - a Lua stack traceback is now printed. - Decane
+ Russian translation. - olegj5, SurDno
+ Fixed the "Electronic stabilizer" upgrade for the SPAS-12 and Mossberg 88 wrongly decrementing their ammo capacity by 2. - AR2R
+ Fixed the "Relief backpack" upgrade for various armors wrongly incrementing the carry weight tooltip value by only 5kg instead of the 15kg actually unlocked by the upgrade. - vlad54rus
+ Fixed the issue where stationary squad commanders would claim hostiles are nearby when greeting the player even if only neutral/friendly factions occupy neighboring smart terrains. - Decane
+ Restored a few unused parting phrases for Sidorovich and one unused greeting phrase for Forester. - Decane
+ Fixed the game crashing if the player deletes the bottom-most savegame in a list of more than one savegame in the save menu and then attempts to delete the savegame without first selecting another item from the list. - Decane
+ Fixed corpse map spots haphazardly failing to appear on the minimap. - Shoker, Decane
+ Replaced the generic masked face of the player's unarmored character model with Scar's face, as in the leather jacket armored character model (new game required for effect). - Decane
+ Fixed a regression that caused the in-game name and description of 7.62x54 mmR 7N1 rounds on localizations other than English to be replaced with their XML string IDs. - Decane
+ Fixed medicaments becoming more rather than less expensive at the Flea Market after liberating the concentration camp. - Decane
+ Added a unique name and description for 7.62x54 mmR armor-piercing sniper rounds to distinguish them from those boxed for the PKM and corrected their weapon applicability. - Decane
+ Improved the randomization of generic NPC dialogs by preventing a dialog of a given type from being repeated until all suitable dialogs of that type have been uttered once. - Decane
+ Unlocked several previously unused greeting phrases for stationary squad NPCs. - Decane
+ (ZRP import) Fixed the player's character model reverting back to the default rookie jacket model upon loading a savegame / changing maps. - NatVac
+ (ZRP import) Fixed the use_object callback for doors and buttons being reset on scheme switch. - NatVac
+ (ZRP import) Fixed NPCs sharing a common global variable in state_mgr.evaluator_state_mgr_idle_alife:evaluate() to determine their individual behavior. - NatVac per Alundaio
+ (ZRP import) Prevented NPCs dying of collision damage when spawning at the same spot as another NPC. - bardak
+ (Optional) Added a stash prefiller mod that randomizes a stash's spawn container. - Decane
+ (Optional) Added a feature to disable enemy map spots on the mini-map, too, instead of only on the world map as done by the 'No Enemy Map Spots' and 'Show Only Ally Map Spots' features. - Decane
~ Optimized and fine-tuned the DX10/10.1 wet surfaces shader: (i) slightly reduced its glossiness; (ii) restored the efficacy of the r3_dynamic_wet_surfaces_* console vars on the distance at which the shader's effects are visible (regressed in SRP v1.0.4); (iii) reduced water splash size to be more realistic. - Decane
~ Made each attribute bar length in the "Faction War" tab of the PDA reflect the sum of the levels of that attribute for the two opposing factions displayed, instead of the highest level of the attribute among all factions. - Decane
~ The name of the target location is now indicated in the 'Hold the point until help arrives' and 'Repel the enemy counterattack' phase titles of 'capture' tasks. - Decane
~ Blocked the possibility of changing levels during an emission, as doing so can glitch the game. - Decane
~ Enabled the possibility of returning the items requested in a 'bring item' task to the new squad leader if the original dies (new game recommended). - Decane
~ Moved some previously 'hard-coded' lists in a few scripts to appropriate configuration files. - Decane
~ The SVD and SVU are now included among the weapons not tossed when using the optional 'No NPC Weapon Tossing Upon Death' feature.
~ Disabled Scar's hard-coded death when using the optional sleeping bag feature to sleep when the danger bar is full.
- Reversed the SRP v1.0.4 'fix' to make the "Return the experimental device", "Find the missing stalker’s loot", and "Take the artifact from the dead stalker" tasks unavailable from Duty members due to each's description purportedly implying the task-giver to be a neutral stalker. Each description can be read in a way that does not render it inconsistent with the tasker being a Duty member.
- Reversed the SRP v1.0.4 decision to make Clear Sky squads attempt to capture several further explicitly defined smart terrains after capturing the Southern Farmstead.
- Removed the optional 'DX10 Patch'. It did not fix the intermittent freezing caused by 'Update for Microsoft Windows (KB2670838)' when playing in DX10/10.1 mode with anti-aliasing enabled through the game's graphics settings.
- Removed the optional Float32 feature. It caused wet surfaces to appear overexposed and desaturated in DX10/10.1 mode.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.1.2

+ Conclusively fixed the issue where the Swamp faction war could come to a standstill due to the leader of a Clear Sky squad headed to the Machine Yard assuming the role of the guide at the Southern Farmstead. - Decane
+ Fixed the Red Forest bridge lowering sequence becoming prematurely unlocked as soon as the player completes the "Go to the army base" task rather than only after the player has transmitted the coordinates to free Leshiy's squad from the space bubble. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.1.1

+ Fixed the issue where 'clear the road' tasks would sometimes get haphazardly cancelled or fail to be assigned when intended. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where NPCs would sometimes offer 'capture' tasks targeting smart terrains that are already under attack. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the robbery scheme would remain active even for camps that the player has been tasked with assaulting or defending. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the reward money for Yar's 'Bring the component to the technician' task would have to be collected from Ganja despite the mission debriefing implying an immediate reward. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the stalker squad overlooking the Vehicle Station in the Cordon would be blocked from raiding it with the player in exchange for payment until Valerian has tasked the player with assaulting it (new game required for effect). - Decane
+ Prevented the Freedom squads that assault the Factory Lobby with the player from becoming unresponsive in some circumstances. - Decane
+ Prevented Kostyan's squad at the Military Warehouses becoming unresponsive after the assault on the military base. - Decane
+ Fixed Chekhov's invitation to join Freedom being initiated mid-sentence upon the player's first arrival in the Dark Valley after flooding the Agroprom Underground. - Decane
+ Restored some dialog options with Lingov which seem to have been unintentionally made inaccessible in his dialog tree during the game's development. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the 'Crate with the backpack' stash in the Red Forest would be populated twice if the player coerces the surviving ambush stalker to reveal its location when playing with the optional 'Prefilled Stashes' feature. - Decane
~ Made the description of 'capture' tasks available via dialog indicate the name of the faction that controls the prospective target camp. - Decane
~ Made it possible to take 'capture' tasks via dialog even from camps with a population of only one squad if the camp in question is not a faction expansion target for its owner. - Decane
- Removed some redundant files from the optional SweetFX feature.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.1.0

+ Fixed a bug introduced by SRP v1.0.4 where the completion/failure/cancellation of a 'return item' task would remove the dialog option to complete any other 'return item' task that was simultaneously active. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the hold-up scheme at the western Dark Valley entrances would remain active even after the player reaches Freedom's base if the player did not speak to the outpost commander by then. - Decane
+ Made the changing of an 'eliminate' target into a 'capture' target (and vice-versa) during the faction wars be indicated to the player with a single 'Task updated' message instead of a pair of 'Task cancelled' and 'New task' messages. - Decane
+ Made it possible to hide / restore the HUD from the main menu while a game session is open in the background by pressing the 'F3' / 'F4' keys, respectively. - Decane
+ (ZRP import) Pressing the 'S' key while in the main menu now creates a time-stamped, level-specific savegame if a game session is open in the background. - NatVac
+ (Optional) The SRP can now attempt to fix known user.ltx configuration -related graphics glitches. - Decane
+ (Optional) Included an alleged fix for crashes in DX10/10.1 mode caused by 'Update for Microsoft Windows (KB2670838)'. - Canzah
~ Made the DX10/10.1 wet surfaces rain downpour effect slightly more prominent. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.9

+ Fixed a bug introduced by SRP v1.0.4 where the game would crash upon the death of an offline squad leader with whom the player has an in-progress 'bring item' task. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Treasure hunters’ camp at the Garbage could, depending on the player's storyline progress, bottleneck the loners' advancement to the Depot during the loner-bandit faction war (new game required for effect). - Decane
~ Made it so Duty would try to capture Freedom's main respawn point after winning their mutual faction war for the purpose of preventing Freedom from securing reinforcements, and vice-versa. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.8

+ Enabled checks in sim_squad_generic:get_next_action() to prevent smart terrain overloading and consequent crashing. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.7

+ Minor optimizations. - Decane
+ Fixed a bug introduced by SRP v1.0.4 where the game would crash if the player tries to quick-load after dying while the flashing 'Game Over' text is on screen. - Decane
+ Made it still less likely that the faction war will stall due to neutral interference. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where some factions would spawn high-ranking NPCs prematurely during the faction wars. - Decane
+ Improved the SRP's backup squad assignment algorithm to try to send squads to the target from the nearest possible smart terrain during the faction wars. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where offline offensive squads could get stuck in 'wait' mode and fail to attack their target until switching online. - Decane
+ Enabled checks in sim_board.calc_point() to prevent mutually neutral squads from trying to move to the same smart terrain and causing one of these squads to get stuck. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a bandit squad at or near the Depot could be prevented from advancing due to their squad leader being assigned the role of one of the crowkiller minigame commentators. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player's weapon would be indiscriminately auto-holstered in some areas of the Freedom base (new game required for effect). - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Clear Sky squad at the bridge in Limansk would keep firing at the house on the hill until the player speaks to the squad commander even if the house has already been cleared. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where new faction equipment chest supplies would spawn on smart terrains occupied by an online squad every time the game is loaded. (Supplies are supposed to spawn only when an online squad first enters a smart terrain, not on each game reload whereupon the relevant squad happens to be online.) - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Hound would awkwardly tip-toe to his patrol path upon receiving a weapon from the player. Also made it possible to interact with him with a weapon drawn even if the player is not friendly with the stalkers. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where zombified stalkers would sometimes shout battle slogans as if they were ordinary stalkers. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where combat music would not stop playing at the CNPP upon entering freeplay mode with dynamic music enabled. - Decane
+ Fixed some incorrect upgrade icons, names, and descriptions. - Decane
+ Corrected the name of the red mission marker on the legend of the world map. - Decane
+ Made the shooting minigame dialog tree slightly less awkward to navigate. - Decane
+ Fixed a possible attempt to index a nil value in mob_death.script if a mutant is killed by no-one in particular. - castl
+ Fixed the incorrectly commented ATI startup video. - Decane
+ (CoP import) Fixed a bug that could make NPCs unresponsive due to their destination level vertex ID not being updated when moving towards cover. - GSC Game World
+ (Optional) Added a mod to disable all squad icons on the world map except those of neutral and friendly units belonging to the same faction as the player. - Decane
~ Blocked the possibility of using the optional sleeping bag feature to sleep during an emission, as doing so can glitch the game. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.6

+ Reduced the probability of the Swamp faction war coming to a standstill due to the leader of a Clear Sky squad headed to the Machine Yard assuming the role of the guide at the Southern Farmstead. - Decane
+ Fixed the "Life support system" upgrade for the Freedom Exoskeleton making the player bleed out faster rather than slower as intended. - Talrivian
+ Changed the name of the 'Hunting Rifle' to 'Hunting Shotgun' to reflect its actual weapon class. - Decane
~ Slightly increased the crosshair's length when using the optional smaller crosshair feature. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.5

+ Minor script optimizations. - Decane
+ Fixed a crash possibly enabled by SRP v1.0.4: Insufficient smart_terrain jobs gar_smart_terrain_6_6. - Decane
+ Fixed a rare crash upon reloading a savegame: sim_combat.script:968: attempt to index field 'actor' (a nil value). - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the dogs that spawn to attack Vasyan might fail to do so due to nearby NPC interference, hindering storyline progress. - Decane
+ Fixed faction reward tooltips failing to update to reflect new rewards after resuming progress from a savegame in which the player already has an outstanding reward from the relevant faction. - Decane
+ Fixed the mechanic specialization tooltip displaying 'none' for Aydar, Yar, and Thunderov, despite all of them having a specialization. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Dark Valley entrance hold-up could occur prematurely if the player enters the Dark Valley before being tasked with chasing Fang there. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the stalker squad headed toward the Devilish Encampment in the Red Forest could, in rare circumstances, spawn right in front of the player. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Witch Circle squad in the Red Forest would not necessarily turn hostile if the player kills the ambush squad traitor while he is still yelling for help. - Decane
+ Made it slightly less likely that the faction war will stall due to neutral interference. - Decane
+ Extended the level-specific autosaves feature to create a separate iteration of such autosaves in freeplay mode. These are prefixed with 'fp_'. - Decane
+ Made the crowkiller minigame dialog tree less awkward to navigate. - Decane
~ Reverted the previously introduced increase in grenade death drops by NPCs when using the optional 'Reduced Grenade Spam' feature because grenades are not drop-items in the unmodded game anyway. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.4

+ Miscellaneous performance and stability improvements. - Decane, NatVac, Xetrill, barin
+ Miscellaneous tasking fixes and improvements. - Decane
+ Fixed various logic script errors. - Decane
+ Fixed the buggy updating of NPC trade supplies. - Decane
+ Fixed a task entity identifier leak in task_manager.script which could eventually destabilize the game. - Decane
+ Partly fixed the broken wet surfaces effect. - MacroN, Decane
+ Fixed the issue where squad NPCs could sometimes vanish right in front of the player. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where NPCs would sometimes perceive an enemy as a threat even after the enemy has been killed. - Decane
+ Added the possibility to continue playing in freeplay mode after the main storyline. - DEXXX, with Decane tweaks
+ Fixed the broken artifact respawn timer. Consequently, artifacts now respawn as they are supposed to. - Decane
+ Fixed the broken final squad spawner in Limansk which could, due to an SRP v1.0.2 regression, cause crashing and savegame corruption if the player did not swiftly exit Limansk after disabling the electricity supply to the fence. - Decane
+ Fixed an occasional crash upon the game evaluating whether to assign the player a 'help' task: sim_combat.script:614: attempt to index local 'attack_squad_obj' (a nil value). - Decane
+ Fixed a potential waypoint crash when an NPC patrols the 'Bonfire in forest' at the Cordon: [error]Description : patrol path[esc_smart_terrain_3_7_walker_1_walk], point on path [name05],object [sim_default_stalker_228836]. - Decane
+ Fixed several potential crashes caused by the game attempting to alter the attitude of a non-existing squad. - Decane
+ Fixed a crash in the Red Forest if the trader in the mine strays from his spot at the desk: [error]Description : any vertex in patrol path [red_smart_terrain_3_2_patrol_1_walk] is inaccessible for object [sim_default_duty_221783]. - Decane
+ Fixed a rare crash caused by a missing mesh: [error]Arguments : Can't find model file 'dynamics\equipments\item_rukzak.ogf'. - Decane
+ Fixed a range of issues with the faction wars: - Decane
  + Fixed the issue where a squad might never show up to a capture point.
  + Fixed the issue where squads would sometimes occupy capture points that either should be inaccessible to them or should only be occupied later in the faction war. E.g. Clear Sky squads no longer attempt to capture the Southern Farmstead during the first phase of the swamp faction war, and stalker squads no longer interfere with the progress of the Duty/Freedom faction war by capturing the eastern and/or western Garbage exits.
  + Fixed the issue where online squads would be prematurely registered to a target camp. As a consequence, the player will no longer be tasked with eliminating camps wherein no hostiles are (yet) actually present.
  + Fixed the issue where 'eliminate' targets would not properly change into 'capture' targets (and vice-versa) during the faction wars. Consequently, the counter-attack feature now works as intended.
  + Fixed the issue where mutant icons on the world map would not change to a lighter shade of red when assigned a capture target.
  + Fixed the issue where there could be a significant delay before the player is tasked with capturing target points upon joining a faction.
  + Fixed the issue where 'capture' tasks directed toward camps occupied by a faction allied to the task-giver would sometimes be available to the player.
  + Fixed the issue where the player would sometimes receive 'defend' and 'help' tasks from enemy squads.
  + Fixed the issue where the swamp faction war would begin prematurely during the briefing with Lebedev. It now begins only after the guide has escorted the player to the Great Swamp.
  + Fixed the issue where Freedom would begin to conquer territory prematurely during the swamp faction war. Freedom now begins to secure the Dark Valley only after the player has helped the faction fend off the mercenary attacks preventing them from expending resources elsewhere, consistently with the storyline.
  + 'Defend' and 'help' auto-tasks are now assigned only if no task of either type is already in progress.
  + 'Defend' and 'help' auto-tasks are now assigned only if the player is within 150 meters of the relevant area, and not if the player is on the other side of the map. Consequently, auto-task spam is significantly reduced.
  + Clear Sky squads now behave in accordance with Lebedev's orders to "dig in to key positions" in the final phase of the swamp faction war.
  + Made the final part of every faction war require capturing and holding the enemy base rather than merely eliminating it.
+ Fixed the "Defend the stalkers in the anomalous area" task being received and immediately cancelled when the player completes the "Guard the stalkers on their way to the anomalous area" task in the Red Forest. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a generic 'capture' task directed toward the Devilish Encampment would be assigned simultaneously to the Red Forest task to "Guard the stalkers on their way to the anomalous area" which has the same objective. - Decane
+ Fixed the "Help: Scientists' camp" task being received and immediately cancelled when the player attacks the scientists' camp at Yantar. - Decane
+ Fixed the "Return the experimental device" task being available from Duty members despite its description implying that the task-giver is a neutral stalker. - Decane per RK Roadkill
+ Fixed several potentially crash-inducing empty section references in the Yantar and Limansk logic scripts. - Decane
+ Fixed the storyline breaking if the player kills every stalker in the Cordon stalker base before extracting the location of Sidorovich's loot from Khaletskiy, even after paying Sidorovich to set things right with the stalkers. - Decane
+ Fixed the storyline breaking intermittently in Agroprom if the player kills the Duty blockpost commander while he is speaking. - Decane
+ Fixed the Yantar "Follow the stalker onto the hangar roof" task being completed rather than cancelled if the player does not get into position before the cooling device has been repaired. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Limansk bridge Clear Sky squad would keep firing at the house on the hill after the player speaks to the squad commander even after the military presence therein has been wiped out. - Decane
+ Fixed the Limansk "Destroy the machine gun nest" task being assigned to the player even if it has already been destroyed by the time the task would be contemporary. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the dogs spawned for Wolf's "Help the stalker" task might never attack Drifter if the player picks up Sidorovich's loot before taking the task. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where 'capture' tasks would sometimes not register as complete when they should. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where 'return item' tasks would sometimes be unavailable to the player when they should be available. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where 'clear the road' tasks would get cancelled when they should register as completed. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where 'find upgrade' tasks would not cancel when the player joins a faction hostile to the task-giver. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the "Receive the reward from Krylov" task in agroprom would not cancel if the player joins the bandits or Freedom. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where any active 'defend' tasks would be cancelled upon loading a savegame (new game required). - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Freedom base gate would open upon completion of the "Deliver ammo to the outpost" task instead of only after the player has found the active PDA on the dead blockpost commander's corpse, enabling the player to speak to Chekhov prematurely and break the storyline. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player would in some circumstances fail to properly receive credit for killing the boars during the tutorial mission in the Swamp. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player's 'stashes found' statistic would rise even when emptying a stash box of items placed inside it by the player. - Decane
+ Fixed the exploit whereby the player could obtain multiple sets of stash coordinates from a corpse by re-checking it after leaving and re-entering the map it is on. - Decane, barin
+ Fixed the issue where failing or cancelling a 'return item' task at the Army Warehouses would make the task available again, yielding an exploit whereby the player could gain an indefinite supply of the requested item(s). - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where dynamic music would sometimes persist even after a battle is over and erratically fade in/out during a battle due to intermittent visibility loss. - notanumber
+ Fixed the issue where NPCs would drop the wrong type of ammo for some weapons. - Decane
+ Fixed all issues where submitting a flash drive with upgrade schematics would unlock the wrong upgrade. - Decane, Fangion
+ Worked around the issue where the Fang basement bandits' failing to appear would break the game by causing the cutscene to never terminate. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where, upon leaving the Swamp for the first time, the player's relation to the Clear Sky faction would be reset in its entirety instead of only in respect of that component of it which was yielded by being a member of the faction. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Senka would occasionally rush out of the bandit base and get killed by enemies. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Garbage exit bandit robber squads would attempt to rob the player even if the player has joined the bandits. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where audible prompts from the squad commander could be heard during the Limansk square ambush even if the player is far away from the ambush location. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a duplicate 'drop him' command would be issued by the commander of a Garbage exit bandit robber squad upon player non-cooperation. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a duplicate 'thank you' message would be played by the relevant squad leader in response to the player completing a 'capture', 'defend', or 'help' task. - Decane
+ Fixed the Freedom blockpost commander's audio transmission being initiated mid-sentence upon the player's first arrival in the Dark Valley. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could rush out of Sakharov's bunker to meet Lefty before Sakharov has finished his first walkie-talkie conversation with him, thereby triggering a second transmission on top of the first one. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where crows could get stuck floating in the air upon being shot. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where squad map icon color would change sluggishly with relationship changes to the player. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a squad commander icon would sometimes overlap with a guide icon or important NPC icon on the map. - Decane
+ Fixed some NPCs using the wrong voice files. - Decane
+ Fixed some NPCs having the wrong PDA message avatar. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Clear Sky storm troops who enter Limansk after the bridge has been lowered are already shown to be there at the beginning of the game according to the map. - Decane
+ Fixed the script bugs preventing the map spots of several ambush enemies in Limansk being hidden. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where squad info tooltips would fail to update properly and would, consequently, sometimes display the wrong target location. - Decane
+ Fixed Chekhov not being marked as an important character on the map. - Decane
+ Fixed the incorrect 'important character' PDA map legend icon. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where several varieties of weapon would not be properly identified as such when the player's inventory is checked for dialog availability purposes. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Sidorovich would answer only one question per game session after the player returns him his case. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where a squad NPC would not always be assigned the role of a guide when the relevant squad enters a camp for which a guide is suitable. - Decane
+ Fixed a script typo preventing the Lost Party's PDA from being transferred to Sakharov upon talking to him following completion of the task to retrieve it. - Decane
+ Fixed several issues in the Cordon if the player circumvents the military machine gun nest before talking to Sidorovich by returning to the Swamp and entering the Cordon through the northern level-changer. - Decane
+ Fixed the duplicate supply box spawn at the Trailhead in the Swamp (new game required for effect). - angrydog
+ Fixed and optimized all buggy Cordon, Garbage, Yantar, Army Warehouses, and Limansk dialog trees. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could ask Sakharov about Lefty even before learning of him. - Decane
+ Fixed the programming mistakes that prevented several stashes from ever becoming available to the player. - Decane
+ Made it impossible to still receive coordinates for stashes in the portion of the Agroprom underground flooded by the player even after that area has been rendered permanently inaccessible by the flooding. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Freedom (/Duty) base megaphone would continue to play Freedom's (/Duty's) propaganda even after the base is no longer captured by Freedom (/Duty). - Decane
+ Made the Freedom base megaphone play Yar and Ashot's conversations only when the player is in the vicinity of the Freedom base. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the VSS "Vintorez" received as a reward from Forester could not be upgraded. - Decane
+ Added the missing 'doesn't use shot' attribute text to the "Barrel modification" upgrade tooltip for the Mossberg 88. - Decane
+ Fixed the CS-1 suit and CS-3a suit having their names reversed in the English localization of the game. - Decane per Charcharo
+ Fixed a few dialog typos. - Decane per RK Roadkill
+ Added a localized text string for the Agroprom Underground, which fixes the issue where the level name would be displayed as 'agroprom_underground' in the save/load menus. - Decane
+ Cleaned up some unused info portions. - Decane
+ Cleaned up the all.spawn file of typos and unused sections (see gamedata\spawns\Alterations.txt for details). - Decane
+ Improved the game's handling of corpse deletion. - Decane
+ Improved the game's handling of generic NPC dialogs. - Decane
+ Extended GSC's implementation of rank-dependent NPC money from just Duty, Freedom, and the bandits, to all the game's factions. - Decane
+ Restored some cut content: Vasilenko now gets electrocuted by the electric fence at Limansk as originally intended; the Limansk bridge commander now provides an audio debrief if the player returns to him after the house on the hill has been purged; and some squad audio prompts have been restored which were missing from the unmodded game due to bugs. - Decane
+ Made it possible to refuse payment to Garbage bandit robber squads via dialog. - Decane
+ Made it possible to complete all of Wild Napr's tasks before talking with Sidorovich for the first time, instead of having to wait to be tasked with finding Fang in order to be able to return Freshy's PDA and proceed with the rest of Wild Napr's tasks. - Decane
+ Made it possible to shoot out the Duty and Freedom base megaphones. - Decane
+ Made the Cordon military outpost megaphone immediately stop emitting sound upon being shot instead of continuing to play the sound until it is finished playing and only then becoming disabled. - Decane
+ Made the downward-facing safe at the Yantar factory less tedious to access. - Decane
+ Spawned a wooden box below the levitating inventory box in the Old Church in the Great Swamp in order to prevent it from seeming to float in mid-air. Also aligned its mesh with its texture. - Decane
+ Relocated the eastern Cordon-to-Garbage level changer in order to make the player less likely to accidentally walk into it. - Decane
+ Fixed the alignment of the off-center 'Game Over' text and accompanying flashing prompt in widescreen mode. - Decane
+ Stopped PSI emission hit intensity doubling on save/reload (new game required). - Decane
+ Added a squad state indicator to squad info tooltips on the world map. - Decane
+ (ZRP import) Stopped PSI emission audio and visual effector intensity doubling on save/reload (new game required). - NatVac
+ (ZRP import) Added missing 'self' reference to xr_remark.script in order to "better look at target of speaker". - NatVac per castl
+ (ZRP import) Added isWeapon() support for the RG-6; makes NPCs behave as they should when the player approaches them with the RG-6 drawn. - castl
+ (ZRP import) Implemented level-specific autosaves. - NatVac, with Decane tweaks
+ (Optional) Added Xetrill's improved LuaJIT library for better script engine performance. - Xetrill
+ (Optional) Added a stash prefiller mod to enable the looting of stashes without first buying or finding the relevant coordinates. - Decane
+ (Optional) Added a mod to disable enemy map spots. - Decane
~ Increased the amount of grenade death drops by NPCs when using the optional 'Reduced Grenade Spam' feature in order to negate the side-effects for looting of the reduced frequency of grenade spawns in NPC inventories. - Decane
~ Tweaked NPC bullet immunities, rebalanced shotguns to be less devastating with buckshot and more lethal with darts and slugs, and re-enabled the hit probability system for NPCs (but not for the player) - all and only when using the optional 'Alternative Ballistics' feature. - Decane
~ Replaced the optional 'Inject FXAA' and 'Inject SMAA' features with SweetFX. (By default, only SMAA is enabled if SweetFX is used.) - CeeJay.dk
~ Integrated the previously optional 'Faction War Tweaks' feature into the core patch.
- Removed the AK-74 introduced into Scar's starting inventory with patch v1.5.09 because its presence there constitutes a continuity error (new game required for effect).
- Removed Hermit's invulnerability, a legacy feature of Vandal's Immortality Fix.
- Removed the "Weapon Reload DOF Changes" documentation from the archive.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.3a

+ Fixed all remaining unsynchronized weapon animations and sounds. - Decane
~ Slightly increased the crosshair's length and maximum radius when using the optional smaller crosshair feature. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.3

+ Fixed some misaligned UI elements in the options menu. - Decane
+ Fixed bullet tracers not being displayed in DX10/10.1 mode. - Gosuke
+ Fixed the Abandoned Hospital not having a high-resolution map in the PDA. - Decane
+ Fixed the branching of some Duty member dialogs in Agroprom. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could ask Major Zvyagintsev about Mitay even before learning of Mitay. - Decane
+ Fixed the game crashing due to an unsafely large amount of data being written to the net_packet: ! [LUA][ERROR] ERROR: You are saving too much. - Decane
+ Fixed a crash in Agroprom if Orest is displaced from his designated space restrictor: [error]Description : any vertex in patrol path [agr_stalker_leader_walk] is inaccessible for object [agr_stalker_base_leader]. - Decane
+ Fixed a crash in the Garbage if the player receives a task with Wild Napr as its target while a squad registered to the Flea Market is in a combat/defense state: ! [LUA][ERROR] ERROR: wrong target for storyline quest: logic@work5,gar_smart_terrain_6_3. - Decane
+ Fixed Lebedev's audio transmission being initiated mid-sentence upon the player's first arrival in the Red Forest. - Decane
+ Fixed the Duty outpost commander's audio transmission being initiated mid-sentence upon the player's first arrival at Agroprom. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the Duty outpost commander at Agroprom would be flagged as an important character even after he has become functionally generic. - Decane
+ Fixed the final portion of General Krylov's briefing dialog with the player being cut off following his walkie-talkie conversation with Sergeant Cheersov. - Decane
+ Fixed Orest's tasks in Agroprom becoming available only on chance if the player kills the defensive bandit squad in the train tunnel before accepting Orest's request to do so. - Decane
+ Fixed Orest's "Destroy the mutant lair" task in Agroprom being activated only after the player has already killed most of the mutants which Orest assigned to be purged. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could break the storyline at Agroprom by leaving the map while the Duty outpost commander is speaking. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could delay reception of the Agroprom "Talk to the outpost commander" task (and cancellation of the "Find the stalker group’s stash" task) by bypassing its space restrictor. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could bypass Freedom's "Respond to the SOS signal" task by leaving the Dark Valley before the Freedom outpost commander has finished speaking. - Decane
+ Fixed the Dark Valley task to "Talk to the outpost commander" being received and immediately completed upon the player entering the Dark Valley if the player has already spoken to the outpost commander before receiving the task to find Fang. - Decane
+ Fixed the Dark Valley task to "Find Freedom’s base" being received and immediately completed if the player has already found Freedom's base before the task becomes contemporary in the storyline. - Decane
+ Fixed Freedom's "Respond to the SOS signal" task being received and immediately completed after the player talks to the outpost commander if the player has already discovered the squad's fate. - Decane
+ Fixed Freedom's "Respond to the SOS signal" task sometimes failing to be assigned if the player enters the Dark Valley through the Cordon. - Decane
+ Fixed Freedom's "Deliver ammo to the outpost" task being completed rather than cancelled when Chekhov informs the player that the outpost has been attacked. - Decane
+ Fixed the Dark Valley mercenary base tunnel detonating prematurely if the player wanders behind the deserted factory before receiving the task to purge the base. - Decane
+ Fixed the Dark Valley mercenary base tunnel detonating after it should have already gone out of commission if the player enters the relevant space restrictor for the first time only after the reward dialog with Chekhov. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Vasyan's logic could break, forcing the player to kill him to advance the storyline. - Decane
+ Fixed the sender name and avatar of the PDA message that is played if the player kills Vasyan and loots his corpse to find out where Fang has gone. - Decane
+ Added sender information (avatar, faction, name) to Lingov's and Chekhov's audio transmissions to the player. - Decane
+ Fixed the misaligned border on secondary task map spots in both 4:3 mode and widescreen mode. - Decane
+ Fixed NPCs sometimes saying dialogs inappropriate to their faction or current location. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Sidorovich's voice could sometimes be randomly heard in the vicinity of the rookie village at the Cordon. - Decane
+ Incorporated the Dunin Ammo Aggregation mod to ease inventory management and prevent the player from being able to complete 'bring ammo' tasks with ammunition boxes that are all only a fraction full. - IG2007
+ Fixed the few remaining instances of NPCs not turning friendly or hostile to the player when they should. - Decane
+ Fixed the SEVA suit using the "Bulat" armored suit's HUD arm texture; it now has its own unique texture, ported from Call of Pripyat. - Decane
+ Added a unique name and description for 7.62x54 mmR 7N1 sniper ammunition and fixed its icon. - Decane per TKGP
+ Added a unique mesh and icon for PKM ammunition, ported from Call of Pripyat. - Decane
+ Fixed all badly aligned weapon upgrade trees. - Decane
+ Fixed all remaining inferable errors and inconsistencies in the weapon upgrade system. - Decane
+ Adjusted some weapon reload DOF durations to more precisely synchronize with the termination of the weapon's reload animation. - Decane
+ Fixed the out-of-sync PKM reload sound. - dDefinder
+ (Optional) Rebalanced all weapons. - Decane
+ (Optional) Made sneaking feasible. - Decane
+ (Optional) Reduced the frequency of emissions. - Decane
+ (Optional) Added Inject SMAA v1.2 to provide a performance-efficient anti-aliasing implementation for users whose computer lacks the power to run Multi-Sampling Anti-Aliasing (MSAA) at a satisfactory framerate. - Andrej Dudenhefner
+ (Optional) Added Inject FXAA to provide a performance-efficient anti-aliasing implementation for users whose computer lacks the power to run Multi-Sampling Anti-Aliasing (MSAA) at a satisfactory framerate. - some dude
+ Improved the implementation of the Yoga task and logic fixes introduced in SRP v1.0.2. - Decane
+ Fixed the eyesores which were (i) the border of Scar's avatar and (ii) the border of Scar's faction icon in the upper right corner of the inventory screen when using the optional transparent inventory feature. - Decane
+ Separated the "Safety:" and "Duration:" texts in the sleep dialog box from the background texture to prevent them from stretching into ugly mush with higher resolutions when using the optional sleeping bag feature. - Decane
+ Fixed several erroneous or imprecise entries in the optional real weapon names feature. - Decane per MrSeyker and NatVac
- Removed Wolf's contingent invulnerability because it was not working as it was supposed to.
- Removed the outdated "Weapon Upgrade System Notes" documentation from the archive. As of this SRP release, the weapon upgrade system has undergone so many corrections that maintaining a record is no longer viable.
- Removed Gosuke Weapon Mod 4: it does not belong in the SRP.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.2

+ Improved foreign localization support.
+ Fixed erratic corpse cleanup behavior. - Decane
+ Fixed unlit campfires emitting a burning sound. - Decane
+ Optimized some logic scripts by replacing continuous health restore calls with discrete calls. - Decane
+ Fixed a crash upon the game attempting to assign a 'capture' task to a non-existing squad: task_objects.script:718: attempt to index field '?' (a nil value). - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where friendly NPCs would not turn hostile to the player when they should. For example, bandit robber squads in the Garbage now behave as they are supposed to when the player refuses cooperation with them whilst being on good terms with the bandits generally. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where, under some circumstances, important characters would not disappear if their parent smart terrain is hostile to the player. Almost all traders, barmen, mechanics, leaders, and minigame NPCs will now 'go in hiding' if the player attacks their base. The only exceptions are the Agroprom stalker trader and mechanic since GSC's code reveals that they were intended to remain put. - Decane
+ Fixed a glitch which would allow the player to use a guide's services even if the player couldn't afford it, potentially leading to a situation where the player has negative money. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player's weapon would sometimes be intermittently holstered during a firefight at (i) the Freedom base, (ii) the Duty base, (iii) the Cordon stalker base and (iv) the Agroprom stalker base despite being an enemy to the current residents of the base. - Decane
+ Fixed the overlapping audio during the initial cutscene in the Abandoned Hospital. - Decane
+ Fixed an onslaught of tasks being suddenly received and completed in the Abandoned Hospital if the player kills the sniper earlier than intended. - Decane
+ Fixed several crashes in Limansk caused by non-existing logic sections. - Decane, InnerGround
+ Fixed the issue in Limansk where the Clear Sky bridge squad logic would break for the interval between killing the military machine gun nest and purging the building of its last inhabitant. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue in Limansk where one of the Clear Sky electric fence squad soldiers would get stuck in perpetual combat mode after Lebedev orders the squad to move to the abandoned hospital. - Decane
+ Fixed a range of other minor issues with Limansk NPC logic. - Decane
+ Fixed Clear Sky's "Find the generator" task not completing when the player deactivates the generator in Limansk if the task is still active then, e.g. if the player took an alternative route to the lever that disables the generator or rushed to the roof of the apartment building before the squad leader finished the dialog that assigns the task. - Decane
+ Fixed Clear Sky's "Return to the group commander" task not cancelling when the player deactivates the generator in Limansk if the task is still active then. - Decane
+ Fixed Clear Sky's "Return to the group commander" task becoming available multiple times if the player moves outside of the squad commander's immediate proximity while he is speaking. - Decane
+ Fixed the storyline temporarily breaking if the player suppresses the Limansk military machine gun nest during the interval between receiving and completing the task to speak to the Clear Sky squad commander. - Decane
+ Fixed the storyline breaking if the player does not respond to the SOS signal in the Red Forest before speaking with Forester. - Decane
+ Fixed a range of errors in the Red Forest bridge ambush squad logic. The stalker who tries to lure the player into an ambush, for example, will no longer shout "That's him! Take him down!" if his pals are already dead. - Decane
+ Fixed the exploit where the player could repeatedly break the Compass artifact submission dialog and re-enter it to receive the reward (a VSS "Vintorez") again and again an endless amount of times. - Decane
+ Enabled stash coordinate purchases from the two bar stalkers in Agroprom who lacked them due to a missing dialog option. This oversight had made it impossible to acquire all six Agroprom bar stalker stashes. - SetaKat
+ Fixed Yoga's logic getting broken if the player takes the task to kill Stringov, accepts Stringov's bribe, doesn't kill him and then runs to the south-east of the bus stop such that Yoga goes offline before the task is finished. - Decane
+ Fixed a crash indirectly caused by the above where the game would try to repopulate an already-populated stash whenever the player exits and re-enters the Garbage while Stringov is still alive: ! [LUA][ERROR] ERROR: Unable to give treasure [gar_treasure_quest_smuggler_weapons] because inventory box is already in use by treasure [gar_treasure_quest_smuggler_weapons]. - Decane
+ Fixed several other possible scenarios where Yoga's logic would get broken. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could simultaneously do tasks for Yoga and Wild Napr by first completing Yoga's task to kill Stringov and then buying the medkit from Wild Napr and continuing the digger storyline from there whilst still having active Yoga's task to kill the smuggler. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the bandit base gate would get closed and locked when the base is assaulted even if it is not captured by bandits. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player could pay the stalker squad on the hill overlooking the Cordon vehicle station for their assistance in dealing with the vehicle station military squad even after the military squad has already been liquidated. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Hound would break his 'hostage stance' when the player comes within speaking distance of him; he is supposed to remain braced until the player gives him a weapon, not to get up and command the player to holster his. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Father Valerian's audio transmission inviting Scar to join the stalkers would play on top of Sidorovich's 'thank you' audio upon returning him the case with the loot. - Decane
+ Added the missing '+15%' handling attribute quantifier text to the "Barrel modification" upgrade tooltip for the AKS-74U. - SetaKat
+ Standardized and tweaked some UI texts to make clicking easier. - Decane
+ Re-aligned the ironsights of all the game's primary weapons; they should now be perfectly aligned. - b1ub4k, Anonymous, Control volume, Decane
+ Fixed all potential 'missing texture' errors related to different controller variants. - Decane
+ Fixed the Bandit Jacket using the Sunrise Suit's HUD arm texture; it now has its own unique texture. - Decane
+ Fixed the HUD bleeding icon being misaligned with its background in widescreen mode. - Armada
+ Fixed the game crashing if the player deletes the bottom-most savegame in a list of more than one savegame in the load menu and then attempts to load or delete the savegame without first selecting another item from the list. - Decane
+ Enabled deletion of saved games via the 'delete' keyboard button in the load menu and save menu. - Decane
+ Added the SRP version number to the left lower corner of the main menu in the style of the ZRP.
+ (Optional) Tweaked the faction wars to be less frustrating. - Decane, Lobstris
+ (Optional) Made the weapons of dead NPCs get stored in their backpack on death instead of being tossed. - NatVac, Decane
+ (Optional) Drastically reduced grenade spam by lowering the probability of a potential enemy NPC spawning with a grenade. - Decane
+ (Optional) Increased the number of inventory grids to reduce micro-management. - Decane
+ (Optional) Enabled real weapon names. - MrSeyker, Decane
+ (Optional) Tweaked weapon ballistics and NPC immunities to make the game 'cheat' less. - Decane, SetaKat (for NPC immunity reference values)
+ (Optional) Re-enabled pistol ironsights and re-aligned them to point exactly where they should. - b1ub4k, Anonymous, Control volume
+ (Optional) Disabled developer startup videos. - Decane
+ (Optional) Added a sleeping bag to the player's inventory. - Atempad, AMK Team (for the icon), Decane
+ (Optional) Reduced the size of the huge default crosshair. - Decane
+ (Optional) Made the inventory partially transparent. - Decane
+ (Optional) Disabled emissions. - Decane
~ Replaced Wolf's, Thrush's, and Aydar's indiscriminate invulnerability settings to only prevent their accidental demise if the player is not an enemy to them. In other words, they may be killed if and only if the player is their enemy. - Decane
~ Replaced Vandal's immortality fix for Drifter and Hound with a more sophisticated solution which prevents their random demise but still allows them to be killed by the player or a rival faction. - Decane
- Removed Sergeant Cheersov's temporary invulnerability during the snork attack in Agroprom since nothing gets broken if he dies. Immortality also makes defending him pointless since it (almost) guarantees his reward.
- Removed BaconBuster's water normal map fix because it is a dud - it does not work and never has.
- Removed some redundant unmodded weapon files which had been left in the archive for no good reason at all.
- Removed fsgame.ltx from the archive: its default directory path was wrong for some users and was causing the game to refuse to save game progress or retain settings.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.1

+ Fixed the issues with the Professor Sakharov dialog where (i) he would ask the player to go see Lefty even after the player had restarted the cooling device, and (ii) the player could ask for information about zombie attacks even after that is no longer contemporary. - Decane
+ Fixed the Uncle Yar dialog succeeding the completion of the night bloodsucker task, where the player could only reply to Yar's greeting with a prompt "Bye." - Decane
+ Made the two second-tier SPAS-12 and Mossberg 88 upgrades mutually exclusive, as they should be. - Decane per RoboMook
+ Fixed the issue with the first Clear Sky 'return item' task where the Makarov PM on the soldier's corpse is actually not "modified", despite the task description clearly stating that it is. - Decane
+ Assigned unique names to some quest weapons and armors which were missing them. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v1.0.0

+ Fixed a few more info_portion related console errors. - Decane
+ Fixed Clear Sky's "Find a way to Chernobyl NPP" task not completing. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the player's weapon would sometimes be intermittently holstered during a firefight at the bandit base, despite being an enemy to the bandits. - Decane
+ Synchronized the bore and reload sounds of the following weapons: Abakan, AKS-74, AKS-74U, TOZ-66, F2000, G36, LR-300, PKM, SVD, SVU, TOZ-34. - RoboMook, smrtphoneusr
+ Added a sound for the 2nd bore animation of the following weapons: G36, L85, LR-300, MP5, SIG 550. - Decane
+ Corrected a few minor grammatical inconsistencies in stash descriptions. - Decane
+ Made the Mossberg 88 use the intended sound files. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.8.2 BETA

+ Fixed the Army Warehouses 'return item' task where multiple Meat Chunk artifacts would be taken from the player for completion of the task if the player was in possession of more than one Meat Chunk artifact upon returning to the task-giver. - Decane
+ Fixed the Army Warehouses 'return item' task where multiple boxes of 7.62x54 mm 7N1 rounds would be taken from the player for completion of the task if the player was in possession of more than one box of 7.62x54 mm 7N1 rounds upon returning to the task-giver. - Decane
+ Fixed a crash in the Red Forest upon the player following one of Strelok's helpers into the ambush at the Witch Circle when the ambush squad has already been killed: ! [LUA][ERROR] ERROR: There is no squad [red_pursuit_bounty_hunters_squad_3] in sim_board. - Decane
+ Fixed an info_portion related console error: ! attempt to use non-existent INFOPORTION [yan_zabor_stalker_3_on_position]. - Decane
+ Resolved a console error concerning a missing controller icon: ! Can't find texture 'ui_npc_monster_controller'. - Decane
+ Finished correcting global dialog and message texts. - Decane
~ Disabled Float32 by default due to some users reporting performance problems whilst playing in DX10 mode.
- Removed some redundant files.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.8.1 BETA

+ Fixed the Freedom "Respond to the SOS signal" task where, if the player initially fails the task, they will keep receiving and failing the task each time thereafter, whenever they go near the dead squad. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where the dialog concerning the military presence at the Cordon vehicle station could be repeated endlessly with the stalker squad on the hill overlooking it, potentially leading to the player paying the stalker squad multiple times for their assistance in dealing with the military. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue where Yoga and Flayer of the bandit faction could get gunned down prematurely, in most circumstances by Duty. - Red7204
+ Made Sergeant Cheersov temporarily invulnerable during the snork attack in Agroprom to prevent his premature demise. - Red7204
+ Fixed the issue where Yoga would not disappear when he is supposed to during a raid on the bandit base (new game required for effect). - Red7204
+ Replaced the inventory icon for the exoskeleton to one which matches the in-game model. - Decane
+ Fixed a bunch of info_portion related console errors which may or may not have caused instability. - Decane
+ Continued correcting global dialog and message texts. - Decane
+ Added a bump-map for the fixed SEVA suit from SRP v0.7.3. - RoboMook

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.8.0 BETA

+ Added an alleged fix for the broken DX10 wet surfaces effect. - BaconBuster
+ Corrected the SPAS-12 ironsights for 16:9 resolutions. - Tariq
+ Fixed armor descriptions pertaining to artifact containers and upgrade possibilities. - Decane
+ Fixed Freedom's "Eliminate the potential threat at the gas station" task being cancelled when the player completes its objective. - Decane
+ Fixed the Army Warehouses 'return item' task where multiple Flame artifacts would be taken from the player for completion of the task if the player was in possession of more than one Flame artifact upon returning to the task-giver. - Decane
+ Fixed a typo in the all.spawn file. - PhoenixHeart
+ Fixed a possible all.spawn Army Warehouses waypoint crash when mutants attack the military base: ! [LUA][ERROR] ERROR: Path between [mil_smart_terrain_7_11] and [mil_smart_terrain_7_10] doesnt exist for [mil_dogs_lair_6] (new game required for effect). - smoq2
+ Began correcting global dialog and message texts. - Decane
+ Fixed the issue with a missing SPAS-12 reload sound. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.7.3 BETA

+ Integrated a fix to enable the dragging and dropping of objects with the SEVA suit equipped. - OGSM Team
+ Fixed a few more weapon upgrade errors concerning the SVU and SVD. - DerHeiligeApfel
+ Synchronized the depth of field -effect occurring when weapons are reloaded with each weapon's respective animation. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.7.2 BETA

+ Included an experimental invulnerability fix for the stalker trader at Agroprom who would sometimes get killed by bandits. - Decane
+ Fixed the Sunrise Suit using the Leather Jacket HUD model instead of its own. - Kill_the_Strelok
+ Fixed a multitude of errors and inconsistencies in the weapon upgrade system. - DerHeiligeApfel
+ Fixed the coloring of the RPG-7 icon to coincide with that of the in-game model. - BobBQ

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.7.1 BETA

+ Fixed a possible CTD involving a missing sound file for the SPAS-12. - antifrost
+ Integrated an ironsights fix for both normal (4:3) and wide (16:9) resolutions. - burger

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.7 BETA

+ Added installation instructions to the readme.
+ Added Decane's Real Cordon Flash Drive Fix v2.0. - Decane

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.6 BETA

+ Added Gosuke weapon mod 4 - better animations for the Mossberg 88 and LR-300. - Gosuke
- Removed the optional mods in order to keep the SRP clean and simple. The complete SRP package size is now only 1195KB.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

v0.5 BETA (initial release)

Core fixes:

1. Vandals Immortality Fix - Vandal
2. Fixed-up ironsights - Angus McFisticuffs
3. Weapon icon fix - Marked_2, Danila_STALKER
4. Artifact Respawn fix - pavlov
5. ATI shader bug fix - MacroN
6. Float32 SSAO performance patch - jjwalker
7. No Annoying Flashing Disk Icon - Decane
8. Professor Beanpolev Audio & Dialog Fix - Decane

Optional additions:

1. No Startup Movies - Decane
2. Transparent Inventory - Decane
3. PDA map pack with point names + blue dots for bodies 1.2 - LuxZg